Chore: document this_model and this_model_fqn (#4524)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/concepts/macros/sqlmesh_macros.md

    ...
```

> #### Accessing the invoking model's resolved name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Accessing the model's physical table name
```

> The physical table name of the invoking model can be accessed within a Python macro function through its evaluation context's `this_model` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the physical table name of the model calling the macro with the evaluator's `this_model` property.
```

```python linenums="1"
from sqlmesh.core.macros import macro

@macro()
def some_macro(evaluator):

>     resolved_model = evaluator.this_model  # e.g., '"datalake"."sqlmesh__landing"."landing__customers__2517971505"'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    physical_table_name = evaluator.this_model  # e.g., '"datalake"."sqlmesh__landing"."landing__customers__2517971505"'
```

    ...
```

#### Accessing model, physical table, and virtual layer view names

> All SQLMesh models have a name in their `MODEL` specification. We refer to that as the model's "unqualified" and "unresolved" name because it may not correspond to any specific object in the SQL engine.

Author: ```suggestion
All SQLMesh models have a name in their `MODEL` specification. We refer to that as the model's "unresolved" name because it may not correspond to any specific object in the SQL engine.
```

When SQLMesh renders and executes a model, it converts the model name into three forms at different stages:

1. The *fully qualified* name

    - If the model name is of the form `schema.table`, SQLMesh determines the correct catalog and adds it, like `catalog.schema.table`
    - SQLMesh quotes each component of the name using the SQL engine's quoting and case-sensitivity rules, like `"catalog"."schema"."table"`

2. The *resolved* physical table name

    - The qualified name of the model's underlying physical table

3. The *resolved* virtual layer view name

    - The qualified name of the model's virtual layer view in the environment where the model is being executed

You can access any of these three forms in a Python macro through properties of the `evaluation` context object.

Access the unresolved, fully-qualified name through the `this_model_fqn` property.

```python linenums="1"
from sqlmesh.core.macros import macro

@macro()
def some_macro(evaluator):
    # Example:
    # Name in model definition: landing.customers
    # Value returned here: '"datalake"."landing"."customers"'
    unresolved_model_fqn = evaluator.this_model_fqn
    ...
```

> Access the resolved physical table and virtual layerview names through the `this_model` property.

Author: ```suggestion
Access the resolved physical table and virtual layer view names through the `this_model` property.
```
